# Wyrick-s_Repo_List(2021)
My personal cydia repo list

1Conan Repo
https://repo.1conan.com/

apt.saurik.com
http://apt.saurik.com/beta/substrate11/ - New Cydia Substrate 0.9.7000 for Unc0ver Jailbreak

AppCake Repo    (2020)   
http://cydia.iphonecake.com/

akusio.github.io     (2020)
https://akusio.github.io/

AppTapp Repository   (2020)
https://apptapp.me/repo/

apt.htv123.com  (2020)
https://apt.htv123.com/


Avalon Studios  (2020)
https://repo.avalon-studios.de/

Apple Betas' Repo
http://repo.applebetas.co/ - New Cydia Repo for "iOS 11.0 -11.4b3"

Bingner
http://repo.bingner.com/

Bingner/Elucubratus
https://apt.bingner.com - Main Repo for Unc0ver Jailbreak (iOS 11.0 - 11.4b3)

BigBoss
http://apt.thebigboss.org/repofiles/cydia/ - A Cydia default repo

beta.unlimapps.com
http://beta.unlimapps.com/ - ++Tweaks & More cool tweaks

build.frida.re
https://build.frida.re/

C1d3r Repo
https://c1d3r.com/repo/

Cadoth Repo
https://repo.cadoth.net/

Chariz
https://repo.chariz.io/ - New Cydia Default Repo for "iOS 11.0 - 11.4b3"

CoolStar's Repo
http://coolstar.org/publicrepo/

Cokernutx
https://repo.cokernutx.com/

CokePokes
http://cokepokes.github.io/ - AppStore++ (Allows you to downgrade/upgrade apps in the AppStore)

ConorTheDev's Repo
https://repo.conorthedev.me/

CreatureSurvive's Repo
http://creaturesurvive.github.io/ -Bubbles (Darkmode) for iMessages

CreatureSurvive's Repo (NEW)
https://creaturecoding.com/repo/

Delta
http://getdelta.co/ - Flex 3 Beta (Develop your own tweaks and share them on the cloud)

DGh0st
https://dgh0st.github.io/

Dynastic Repo
https://repo.dynastic.co/ - BetterSettings, ShortLook, and many more (Tweaks)

DzMoha Repo
http://mohadu31.com/

EsquilliDev
https://esquillidev.github.io/

Fouad's Repo
https://apt.fouadraheb.com/

Greg0109 Source - YouRepo
https://greg0109.yourepo.com/

GeoSn0w iSecureOS Repo
https://isecureos.idevicecentral.com/repo/

GMoran Beta Software
https://gmoran.me/repo/

HackYouriPhone (Pirate Repo)
http://repo.hackyouriphone.org/

Hollr2099.net Cydia Repo
<del>https://repo.hollr2099.net/</del>

ichitaso repository
https://cydia.ichitaso.com/

iCaughtU
https://www.icaughtuapp.com/repo/

iDevice Hacked Repository
https://idevicehacked.com

iOS Emulators
https://johan.margueritte.free.fr/repo/

iPodHacks142's Repo
https://repo.ipodhacks142.com/

iTweakiOS Source - YouRepo
https://itweakios.yourepo.com/

Ivano Bilenchi's Repo
https://ib-soft.net/cydia/ - iCleaner Pro (Utilites)

IArrays
http://apt.iarrays.com/ Good Cydia Repo to use on iOS 11 & Bellow

ichitaso repository
https://cydia.ichitaso.com/

iDevice Hacked Repo
https://idevicehacked.com/

Jakeashacks Repo
https://jakeashacks.ga (Open in iOS Safari Browser)

Julioverne's Repo          (Pirate)
http://julioverne.github.io/

(New) http://julio.hackyouriphone.org/

Karen's Repo (OLD)
<del>http://cydia.angelxwind.net</del> - AppSync Unified (Use to allow for the installation of unsigned, fakesigned, or ad-hoc signed IPA packages on an iOS device)

Karen's Repo (NEW)
https://cydia.akemi.ai/

limneos.net
http://limneos.net/repo/ - The best paid tweaks and my all time favorite developers

LacertosusDeus's Repo
https://lacertosusrepo.github.io/

Lakr Aream Repo
https://LakrOwO.gitee.io/repo/ (Saily Store)

MainRepo               (Pirate)
https://mainrepo.org/

MCApollo Repo (Network Hacking)
https://mcapollo.github.io/Public

m156nrkvv.g2.xrea.com
http://m156nrkvv.g2.xrea.com/repo/

Matchstic (Matt  Clarke)
http://repo.incendo.ws/ - Reprovision (Re-sign applications on your device) (System)

NullPixel's Repo
https://repo.nullpixel.uk/ - TSS Saver (Utilites)

Nepeta Repo
https://repo.nepeta.me/

Packix
https://repo.packix.com/ - New Cydia Repo "iOS 11.0 - 11.4b3"

PizelOmer's Repo
http://repo.pixelomer.com/

PoomSmart's Repo
http://poomsmart.github.io/repo/ - Needed for EmojiPort Installer (Emojis for iOS 12.1 - iOS 5.1)

PPSSPP Repo
https://cydiappsspp.org/ (PPSSPP App)

Pulandres Repository           (Pirate)
<del>https://pulandres.rejail.ru/</del> (Taken Down 2020)

Pulandres Repo (NEW)
<del>https://pulandres.me/repo/</del> (Taken Down 2020)

Pwnder's Repo
https://pwnders.github.io/repo/

Pw5a29 Repo
http://Pw5a29.github.io/

Pwn20wnd's Cydia Repo
http://xnu.science/repo/ - Pwn20wnd's Cydia Repo  (Pwn20wnd's Twitter) - https://twitter.com/Pwn20wnd/

qwertyuiop1379's repo
http://qwertyuiop1379.com:7777/

ReJail Repo           (Pirate)
https://rejail.ru/

Ryley's Repo
https://ryleyangus.com/repo/

Samg_is_a_Ninja Repo
https://samisaninja.github.io/

SarahH12099 Repo
https://sarahh12099.github.io/repo/

Sileo for Unc0ver
https://diatr.us/sileo/

Smacpat's Repo
https://smacpats.github.io/repo/ - EmojiPort Installer (iOS 12.1 Emojis) & EmojiPort Installer (Android P Emojis)

SparkDev Repo
    (OLD) http://beta.sparkservers.co.uk/
    (NEW) https://sparkdev.me/

Sukas Repo
https://repo.sukarodo.me/

TIGI Software
http://tigisoftware.com/cydia/    - Filza File Manager & Apps Manager (Utilites)

The Casle's beta Repo
https://the-casle.github.io/cydia

twickd repo
https://repo.twickd.com/

UnlimApps Repo
http://beta.unlimapps.com/ <u>AppStore++</u>

Xarold Repo (Pirate)
<del>http://repo.xarold.com</del>

xTM3x Repo
https://xtm3x.github.io/repo/ <u>Zebra Packager</u>

4nni3 Reo
https://repo.4nni3.com/
